content/_index.md, before:

---
title: '2025 IEEE SciVis Contest'
date: 2018-11-28T15:14:39+10:00
---

Material Science Challenge: discovery of novel materials 

{{< rawhtml >}}
<img style="width:40%" src="Logo_25.png" />
<br>
{{< /rawhtml >}}


Welcome to the *2025 IEEE SciVis Contest* website.
This contest is held annually as part of the [IEEE VIS Conference.](http://ieeevis.org)  
In 2025, the conference and this contest will be held in Vienna, Austria, and will focus on the visualization-based discovery of  
 ***novel materials in recycling***.

On this website, you can find information on the provided [data,](/data) the visualization [tasks,](/tasks) as well as the [submission process.](/submission)  
If there still are questions, feel free to contact the [contest chairs](mailto:scivis_contest@ieeevis.org) or join the [Google Group.](https://groups.google.com/g/scivis2025).


###### Watch a video from IEEE VIS 2024 presenting the data and tasks:


{{< rawhtml >}}
<div class="video-container">
  <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/kmC7aSLoNCw?si=Zv-P5u6J8wyXR_tH" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
<br>
{{< /rawhtml >}}

###### Contact
Chair: Christoph Heinzl, University of Passau, Germany - [contact via email](mailto:christoph.heinzl@uni-passau.de)  
Co-Chair: Tim Gerrits, RWTH Aachen University, Germany - [contact via email](mailto:gerrits@vis.rwth-aachen.de))

Commit message:

Updates jury and contest date

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: '2025 IEEE SciVis Contest'
date: 2018-11-28T15:14:39+10:00
---

Material Science Challenge: discovery of novel materials 

{{< rawhtml >}}
<img style="width:40%" src="Logo_25.png" />
<br>
{{< /rawhtml >}}


Welcome to the *2025 IEEE SciVis Contest* website.
This contest is held annually as part of the [IEEE VIS Conference.](http://ieeevis.org)  
In 2025, the conference and this contest will be held in Vienna, Austria, and will focus on the visualization-based discovery of  
 ***novel materials in recycling***.

On this website, you can find information on the provided [data,](/data) the visualization [tasks,](/tasks) as well as the [submission process.](/submission)  
If there still are questions, feel free to contact the [contest chairs](mailto:scivis_contest@ieeevis.org) or join the [Google Group.](https://groups.google.com/g/scivis2025).

**The 2025 SciVis Contest Session at IEEE VIS will happen on Sunday, November 2, 2:00 PM - 5:30 PM.**


###### Watch a video from IEEE VIS 2024 presenting the data and tasks:


{{< rawhtml >}}
<div class="video-container">
  <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/kmC7aSLoNCw?si=Zv-P5u6J8wyXR_tH" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
<br>
{{< /rawhtml >}}

###### Contact
Chair: Christoph Heinzl, University of Passau, Germany - [contact via email](mailto:christoph.heinzl@uni-passau.de)  
Co-Chair: Tim Gerrits, RWTH Aachen University, Germany - [contact via email](mailto:gerrits@vis.rwth-aachen.de))
